oops all right
that's just so that you know this is a
real gun that it's loaded you know the
truth
somebody sure
I'm he just hungry
come on I have a place with people who
look out for me Oscar this is my family
of broken toys what we provide here is
an education a way of life fit only for
wolves they treat me all right
yes sir man you got a load of people
after you you kill them man
I'm sure you had your reasons look you
did the right thing
and that girl she won't ever forget
where you differ don't disappear on me
right
never I promise you're an away 15 years
ago seems Oscar gray we grew up together
I'll see if I can turn something up
make it disappear they got everything on
you pictures file
they took this yeah
and it wouldn't kill man we hung there
where is she this the girl we gotta go
now
we gave you lyfe the community
you only buy day in the picture everyone
here that value you're a part of
something
you
[Music]